Doc: Update image rendering configuration (#77042)
grafana/grafana: docs/sources/setup-grafana/configure-grafana/_index.md

It can be useful to set this to `true` when troubleshooting.

### rendering_timing_metrics

> **Note:** Available from grafana-image-renderer v3.9.0+

> Instruct headless browser instance whether to register metrics for the duration of every rendering step. Default is `false`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Instruct a headless browser instance on whether to record metrics for the duration of every rendering step. Default is `false`.
```

> It can be useful to set this to `true` when optimizing the rendering mode settings to improve the plugin performance or when troubleshooting.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Setting this to `true` when optimizing the rendering mode settings to improve the plugin performance or when troubleshooting can be helpful.
```
